- Feature Name:
- Status: draft/in-progress/completed/rejected/obsolete/postponed
- Start Date: YYYY-MM-DD
- Authors:
- RFC PR: (PR # after acceptance of initial draft)
- WeSQL-Scale  Issue: (one or more # from the issue tracker)

# Summary

One paragraph explanation of the proposed change.

Suggested contents:
- What is being proposed
- Why (short reason)
- How (short plan)
- Impact

# Motivation

Why are we doing this? 
What use cases does it support? 
What is the expected outcome?


# Technical design

This is the technical portion of the RFC. Explain the design in sufficient detail.

- Questions about the change:

    - What components need to change? How do they change?

    - Are there new abstractions introduced by the change? New concepts?
      If yes, provide definitions and examples.
      
- Questions about performance:

    - Does the change impact performance? How?
    
- Stability questions:

    - Can this new functionality affect the stability of a node or the
      entire cluster? 

    - Can the new functionality be disabled? How?
    
    - What testing and safe guards are being put in place to
      protect against unexpected problems?

- Usage questions:

    - Are there new APIs, or API changes (either internal or external)?


## Drawbacks

Why should we *not* do this?

If applicable, list mitigating factors that may make each drawback acceptable.


## Rationale and Alternatives

- Why is this design the best in the space of possible designs?
- What other designs have been considered and what is the rationale for not choosing them?
- What is the impact of not doing this?


# Unresolved questions

- What parts of the design do you expect to resolve through the RFC
  process before this gets merged?

- What parts of the design do you expect to resolve through the
  implementation of this feature before stabilization?

- What related issues do you consider out of scope for this RFC that
  could be addressed in the future independently of the solution that
  comes out of this RFC?